Add missed changelog entry (#263)
thomaseizinger/create-pull-request: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `set-output` deprecation warning (https://github.com/thomaseizinger/create-pull-request/pull/257)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecation warning for `set-output` command from `actions/core` dependency.
```
